Greetings Creative Learners,

Welcome to the online version of "Learning Creative Learning", a course on designing technologies and environments for creative learning. You're not sure what we mean by <i>creative learning</i>? Don't worry, we'll cover a different aspect of it in each week of the course. By the end of it, you'll be an expert. This course is collaboration between the MIT Media Lab and Peer 2 Peer University (P2PU).

What's going to happen next?

The course starts on Feb 11th. Between now and then we will group you with other learners and send you a kick-off email with further instructions. If you want to get started right away, feel free to head over to the <a href="http://learn.medit.mit.edu/course.html">course outline</a> and read ahead.

And once the course is running?

It's a combination of readings, reflection, discussion and hands-on activities. We will also have weekly panel conversations with invited experts. All the content and videos will remain online and everything is openly licensed, so don't worry if you want to go a little slower than the rest of your group at any point. This isn't about making it to the finish line first. But more on all this later...

Invite your friends to join you

If you want to invite your friends to learn and work with you, you can send them the following invite code. Each code is unique and if they enter it in the sign-up form, we know to put them together with you.

Your invite code is: {%INVITE_CODE%}

Who is sending this email?

It's the Machine (a piece of software actually). The machine is good at creating lots of small groups and sending emails to them. The emails are written by us. The machine sends them to you. The machine doesn't have a name yet and we are open to suggestions.

Over to you...

We will provide the course structure, but there is no facilitator or instructor in each of your groups. You and your peers will rely on each other to discuss the content, and help each other. We'll certainly help as much as we can, but the energy that will power this course comes from you!

Now get some rest before we kick off. We look forward to seeing you in the course! Cheerio!

Your Learning Creative Learning Team (Mitch, Natalie, Ricarose, Sayamindu, Klaudia, Elizabeth & Philipp)
